Update readme of the API (#63)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: README.md

## API

You can also use the `svgdigitizer` package directly from Python.

The examples are based on the test files provided with `svgdigitizer` in the folder `test/data`.
 
```python
from svgdigitizer.svgplot import SVGPlot
from svgdigitizer.svg import SVG

svgfile = f'svgdigitizer/test/data/xy_rate.svg'
    
svgplot = SVGPlot(SVG(open(svgfile, 'rb')))
```

`svgplot.df` provides a dataframe of the digitized curve.  

> `svgplot.plot` shows a plot of the digitized curve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`svgplot.plot()` shows a plot of the digitized curve.
```

## Submodule CV

The submodule `electrochemistry.cv` is specifically designed to digitize cyclic voltamograms
commonly found in the field of electrochemistry.

```python
from svgdigitizer.svgplot import SVGPlot
from svgdigitizer.svg import SVG
from svgdigitizer.electrochemistry.cv import CV

svgfile = f'svgdigitizer/test/data/xy_rate.svg'
    
cv = CV(SVGPlot(SVG(open(svgfile, 'rb'))))
```

`cv.df` provides a dataframe with a time, voltage and current axis (in SI units). Depending on the type of data the current is expressed as current `I` in `A` or a current density `j` in `A / m2`.

The dataframe can for example be saved as `csv` via:

```python
from pathlib import Path

>     cv.df.to_csv(Path(svgfile).with_suffix('.csv'), index=False)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cv.df.to_csv(Path(svgfile).with_suffix('.csv'), index=False)
```

``` 

> `cv.plot` shows a plot of the digitizd data with appropriate axis labels.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cv.plot()` shows a plot of the digitizd data with appropriate axis labels.  
```

> `cv.metadadata` provides a dict with metadata of the original plot, i.e., original units of the axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cv.metadadata` provides a dict with metadata of the original plot, such as original units of the axis.
```

Let's keep this open for future additions.
